we have a mission for you they are super
keen to shoot rogue one on location
because wherever you looked in any
direction it felt very real if you're
really doing this I want to help I
absolutely loved filming in Jordan you
feel like you're in a galaxy far far
away it's an epic job to get the light
we had to be there really early but
we're all in good spirits and it looks
beautiful Coddington has its place in
Star Wars history because it was used as
the exterior shots of the oven base from
a new hope we are in Slough in England
otherwise known as Pinewood it really
wouldn't learn they've done an amazing
job here we find ourselves in Bisons
it's spectacular surreal to be here
looks like a different planet
I don't know anyone's ever filmed there
before in wrong tapes like nothing like
this Archer you're on a beautiful beach
surrounded by palm trees but this
survival elements fill me
and also there's a really nice spirit
amongst everyone there's a togetherness
this is our chance to make real
difference
that's like two most amazing things in
the world flying is my paradise and the
Star Wars rated pg-13